Fix/course template with no course (#1281)
openfun/richie: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unrealeased]

### Added

> - Add a banner component to display easily brief messages to the user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a banner component to display brief messages to the user
```

Reviewer: you resolved it in the wrong commit :wink:

### Fixed

> - Prevent an 500 error occures when an editor uses a course template from a page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Prevent a 500 error when an editor uses a course template for a page
```

>   without course object attached

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  that has no course attached as a page extension
```

> 

Reviewer: in your commit message title:

`🐛(courses) show an error banner when template is misused`

### Fixed

> - Prevent a 500 error when an editor uses a template for a page

Reviewer: in commit message:
s/misusing/misused
